Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/reesharper/pen/XWdaLOV?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    it is html that gives meaning to your code 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    the framework of the website including text and elements

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    additional information about an element that are put in the start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is the title of the page and should only be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    "img" and "a"

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the title

    7. What is an id? 
    its an attribute used to specify an elements making it easier to call out later

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all HTML elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once!

    10. What is a class? 
    class is very similar to ID but can be used multiple time on the page

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all HTML elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    unlimited!

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use target="_blank" after the link

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    a brief discription to be read aloud for visually impaired users

    15. How do I reference an id?
    # then the id Name - EX:  #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections define the content when divs do not

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id can only be use on one HTML element thus only used for a very specific adjustment such as one h2 element. 
    Classes on the other hand can be used multiple times on a page thus can be called once in css to change multiple elements such as multiple divs 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . then class name - EX:  .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent selectors over rule the child selector allowing you to edit multiple items through out the page while keeping the child elements unchanged

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to define a specific state of an element such as hover or visited

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm   you need to be careful because there is no reversing this and there is no "are you sure" confirmation 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    in order to go back to a previous version if one gets too broken to repair or sort out

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as possible, try to break up work into mini tasks and commit after each significant change.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "branch name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. fork repo
        2. add TL as a collaborator
        3. clone repo using HTTPS link
        4. inside git use cd command to open folder wanted for the project
        5. use: git clone <link for repo>
        6. cd into repo 
        7. create a branch using: git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
        8. work on project
        9. use: git add.
        10. use: git commit -m "then write a meaningful message in these quotes about what you changed"
        11. push commits using: git push -u "branch-name"
        12. enter github and select your branch to check push and commits.
        13. select "new pull request" using your branch name
        14. change base repository to your forked repo
        15. add TL to the reviewers and submit pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
